docs/getting_started.md, before:

# Getting started

## Quick start

Acts is developed in C++ and is built using [CMake](https://cmake.org). Building
the core library requires a C++17 compatible compiler,
[Boost](http://boost.org), and [Eigen](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org). The
following commands will clone the repository, configure, and build the core
library:

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/acts-project/acts <source-dir>
$ cmake -B <build-dir> -S <source-dir>
$ cmake --build <build-dir>
```

For a full list of dependencies, including specific versions, see the
[Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section below. Build options to activate
additional components are described in the [Build options](#build-options)
section.

## Prerequisites

The following dependencies are required to build the Acts core library:

-   A C++17 compatible compiler (recent versions of either gcc and clang should work)
-   [CMake](https://cmake.org) >= 3.14
-   [Boost](http://boost.org) >= 1.71 with `filesystem`, `program_options`, and `unit_test_framework`
-   [Eigen](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org) >= 3.3.7

The following dependencies are optional and are needed to build additional
components:

-   [CUDA](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-zone) for the CUDA plugin
-   [DD4Hep](http://dd4hep.cern.ch) >= 1.11 for the DD4Hep plugin and some examples
-   [Doxygen](http://doxygen.org) >= 1.8.15 for the documentation
-   [Geant4](http://geant4.org/) for some examples
-   [HepMC](https://gitlab.cern.ch/hepmc/HepMC3) >= 3.2.1 for some examples
-   [Intel Threading Building Blocks](https://01.org/tbb) >= 2020.1 for the examples
-   [ONNX](https://onnx.ai) for the ONNX plugin and some examples
-   [Pythia8](http://home.thep.lu.se/~torbjorn/Pythia.html) for some examples
-   [ROOT](https://root.cern.ch) >= 6.20 for the TGeo plugin and the examples
-   [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org) >= 2.0 with [Breathe](https://breathe.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), [Exhale](https://exhale.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), and [recommonmark](https://recommonmark.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) extensions for the documentation
-   [SYCL](https://www.khronos.org/sycl/) for the SYCL plugin

There are some additional dependencies that are automatically provided as part of
the build system.
These are usually not available through the system package manager and can be found in the ``thirdparty`` directory.

All external dependencies must be provided prior to building Acts. Compatible
versions of all dependencies are provided e.g. by the [LCG
releases](http://lcginfo.cern.ch/) starting from [LCG 97apython3](http://lcginfo.cern.ch/release/97apython3/).
Other options are also
available and are discussed in the [Building Acts](#building-acts) section.

## Building Acts

Acts uses [CMake](https://cmake.org) to configure, build, and install the
software. After checking out the repository code into a `<source>` directory,
CMake is called first to configure the build into a separate `<build>`
directory. A typical setup is to create a `<source>/build` directory within the
sources, but this is just a convention; not a requirement. The following command
runs the configuration and searches for the dependencies. The `<build>`
directory is automatically created.

```console
$ cmake -B <build> -S <source>
```

The build can be configured via various options that are listed in detail in the
[Build options](#build-options) section. Options are set on the command line.
The previous command could be e.g. modified to

```console
$ cmake -B <build> -S <source> -DACTS_BUILD_UNITTESTS=on -DACTS_BUILD_FATRAS=on
```

After the configuration succeeded, the software is build. This is also done with cmake via the following command

```console
$ cmake --build <build>
```

This automatically calls the configure build tool, e.g. Make or Ninja. To build only a specific target, the target names has to be separated from the CMake options by `--`, i.e.

```console
$ cmake --build <build> -- ActsFatras # to build the Fatras library
```

The build commands are the same regardless of where you are building the
software. Depending on your build environment, there are different ways how to
make the dependencies available.

### With a LCG release on CVMFS

If you have access to a machine running [CVMFS](https://cernvm.cern.ch/fs/),
e.g. CERNs lxplus login machines, the dependencies can be easily satisfied
via a LCG releases available through CVMFS. A setup script is provided to activate a compatible releases that can be used as follows:

```console
$ cd <source>
$ source CI/setup_cvmfs_lcg.sh
```

After sourcing the setup script, you can build Acts as described above. The
following commands will build Acts in the `<source>/build` directory with the
Fatras component.

```console
$ cd <source>
$ source CI/setup_cvmfs_lcg.sh
$ cmake -B build -S . -DACTS_BUILD_FATRAS=on
$ cmake --build build
```

### In a container

A set of container images is available through the [Acts container
registry][acts_containers]. The following containers are used as part of the
continous integration setup and come with all dependencies pre-installed.

-   `centos7-lcg97apython3-gcc9`: based on CentOS 7 with HEP-specific software from
    LCG 97apython3 using the GCC 9 compiler
-   `centos7-lcg98python3-gcc10`: based on CentOS 7 with HEP-specific software from LCG
    98python3 using the GCC 10 compiler
-   `ubuntu2004`: based on Ubuntu 20.04 with manual installation of HEP-specific
    software

To use these locally, you first need to pull the relevant images from the
registry. Stable versions are tagged as `vX` where `X` is the version number.
The latest, potentially unstable, version is tagged as `latest`. To list all
available tags, e.g. for the `ubuntu2004` image, you can use the following
command:

```console
$ docker search --list-tags ghcr.io/acts-project/ubuntu2004
```

The following command then downloads a stable tag of the `ubuntu2004` image:

```console
$ docker pull ghcr.io/acts-project/ubuntu2004:v9
```

This should print the image id as part of the output. You can also find out the
image id by running `docker images` to list all your locally available container
images.

Now, you need to start a shell within the container to run the build. Assuming
that `<source>` is the path to your source checkout on your host machine, the
following command will make the source directory available as `/acts` in the
container and start an interactive `bash` shell

```console
$ docker run --volume=<source>:/acts:ro --interactive --tty <image> /bin/bash
```

where `<image>` is the image id that was previously mentioned. If you are using the Ubuntu-based image you are already good to go. For the images based on LCG releases, you can now activate the LCG release in the container shell by sourcing a setup script:

```console
container $ source /opt/lcg_view/setup.sh
```

Building Acts follows the instructions above with `/acts` as the source directory, e.g.

```console
container $ cmake -B build -S /acts -DACTS_BUILD_FATRAS=on
container $ cmake --build build
```

[acts_containers]: https://github.com/orgs/acts-project/packages?ecosystem=container

### On your local machine

Building and running Acts on your local machine is not offically supported.
However, if you have the necessary prerequisites installed it is possible to use
it locally. Acts developers regularly use different Linux distributions
and macOS to build and develop Acts.

## Building the documentation

The documentation uses [Doxygen][doxygen] to extract the source code
documentation and [Sphinx][sphinx] with the [Breathe][breathe] and
[Exhale][exhale] extensions to generate the documentation website. To build the
documentation locally, you need to have [Doxygen][doxygen] installed from your
package manager. [Sphinx][sphinx] and its extensions can be installed using the
Python package manager via

```console
$ cd <path/to/repository>
# --user installs to a user-specific directory instead of the system
$ pip install --user -r docs/requirements.txt
```

To activate the documentation build targets, the `ACTS_BUILD_DOCS` option has to be set

```console
$ cmake -B <build-dir> -S <path/to/repository> -DACTS_BUILD_DOCS=on
```

Then the documentation can be build with either of the following two build
targets

```console
$ cmake --build <build-dir> docs # default fast option
# or
$ cmake --build <build-dir> docs-with-api # full documentation
```

The default option includes the Doxygen, Sphinx, and the Breathe extension, i.e.
the source code information can be used in the manually written documentation
but the full API documentation is not generated. The second target builds the
full documentation using Exhale to automatically generate the API documentation.
This is equivalent to the public [Read the Docs][rtd_acts] documentation, but
the build takes around ten minutes to finish.

[doxygen]: https://doxygen.nl/
[sphinx]: https://www.sphinx-doc.org
[breathe]: https://breathe.readthedocs.io
[exhale]: https://exhale.readthedocs.io
[rtd_acts]: https://acts.readthedocs.io

## Build options

CMake options can be set by adding `-D<OPTION>=<VALUE>` to the configuration
command. The following command would e.g. enable the unit tests

```console
$ cmake -B <build-dir> -S <source-dir> -DACTS_BUILD_UNITTESTS=ON
```

Multiple options can be given. `cmake` caches the options so that only changed
options must be specified in subsequent calls to configure the project. The
following options are available to configure the project and enable optional
components.

| Option                                | Description |
|---------------------------------------|-------------|
| ACTS_BUILD_EVERYTHING                 | Build with most options enabled (except HepMC3 and documentation) |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_CUDA                | Build CUDA plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_DD4HEP              | Build DD4hep geometry plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_DIGITIZATION        | Build Digitization plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_IDENTIFICATION      | Build Identification plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_JSON                | Build Json plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_LEGACY              | Build legacy plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_ONNX                | Build ONNX plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_SYCL                | Build SYCL plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_TGEO                | Build TGeo plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_FATRAS                     | Build FAst TRAcking Simulation package |
| ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES                   | Build standalone examples |
| ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_DD4HEP            | Build DD4hep-based code in the examples |
| ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_GEANT4            | Build Geant4-based code in the examples |
| ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_HEPMC3            | Build HepMC3-based code in the examples |
| ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_PYTHIA8           | Build Pythia8-based code in the examples |
| ACTS_BUILD_BENCHMARKS                 | Build benchmarks |
| ACTS_BUILD_INTEGRATIONTESTS           | Build integration tests |
| ACTS_BUILD_UNITTESTS                  | Build unit tests |
| ACTS_BUILD_DOCS                       | Build documentation |
| ACTS_PARAMETER_DEFINITIONS_HEADER     | Use a different (track) parameter definitions header |
| ACTS_USE_SYSTEM_AUTODIFF              | Use autodiff provided by the system instead of the bundled version |
| ACTS_USE_SYSTEM_NLOHMANN_JSON         | Use nlohmann::json provided by the system instead of the bundled version |

All Acts-specific options are disabled or empty by default and must be
specifically requested. Some of the options have interdependencies that are
automatically handled, e.g. enabling any of the specific
`ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_...` options will also enable the overall
`ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES` option. You only need to tell the build system what you
want and it will figure out the rest.

In addition to the Acts-specific options, many generic options are available
that modify various aspects of the build. The following options are some of the
most common ones. For more details, have a look at the annotated list of [useful
CMake variables](https://cmake.org/Wiki/CMake_Useful_Variables) or at the [CMake
documentation](https://cmake.org/documentation/).

| Option               | Description |
|----------------------|-------------|
| CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE     | Build type, e.g. Debug or Release; affects compiler flags <br/> (if not specified **`RelWithDebInfo`** will be used as a default) |
| CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER   | Which C++ compiler to use, e.g. g++ or clang++ |
| CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX | Where to install Acts to |
| CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH    | Search path for external packages |

The build is also affected by some environment variables. They can be set by prepending them to the configuration call:

```console
$ DD4hep_DIR=<path/to/dd4hep> cmake -B <build-dir> -S <source-dir>
```

The following environment variables might be useful.

| Environment variable | Description |
|----------------------|-------------|
| DD4hep_DIR           | Search path for the DD4hep installation |
| HepMC3_DIR           | Search path for the HepMC3 installation |
| Pythia8_DIR          | Search path for the Pythia8 installation |

## Using Acts

When using Acts in your own CMake-based project, you need to include the
following lines in your `CMakeLists.txt` file:

```cmake
find_package (Acts COMPONENTS comp1 comp2 ...)
```

where `compX` are the required components from the Acts project. See the
`cmake` output for more information about which components are available.

Commit message:

feat: Allow the build to be configured in "fail on error" mode (#687)

docs/getting_started.md, after:

# Getting started

## Quick start

Acts is developed in C++ and is built using [CMake](https://cmake.org). Building
the core library requires a C++17 compatible compiler,
[Boost](http://boost.org), and [Eigen](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org). The
following commands will clone the repository, configure, and build the core
library:

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/acts-project/acts <source-dir>
$ cmake -B <build-dir> -S <source-dir>
$ cmake --build <build-dir>
```

For a full list of dependencies, including specific versions, see the
[Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section below. Build options to activate
additional components are described in the [Build options](#build-options)
section.

## Prerequisites

The following dependencies are required to build the Acts core library:

-   A C++17 compatible compiler (recent versions of either gcc and clang should work)
-   [CMake](https://cmake.org) >= 3.14
-   [Boost](http://boost.org) >= 1.71 with `filesystem`, `program_options`, and `unit_test_framework`
-   [Eigen](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org) >= 3.3.7

The following dependencies are optional and are needed to build additional
components:

-   [CUDA](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-zone) for the CUDA plugin
-   [DD4Hep](http://dd4hep.cern.ch) >= 1.11 for the DD4Hep plugin and some examples
-   [Doxygen](http://doxygen.org) >= 1.8.15 for the documentation
-   [Geant4](http://geant4.org/) for some examples
-   [HepMC](https://gitlab.cern.ch/hepmc/HepMC3) >= 3.2.1 for some examples
-   [Intel Threading Building Blocks](https://01.org/tbb) >= 2020.1 for the examples
-   [ONNX](https://onnx.ai) for the ONNX plugin and some examples
-   [Pythia8](http://home.thep.lu.se/~torbjorn/Pythia.html) for some examples
-   [ROOT](https://root.cern.ch) >= 6.20 for the TGeo plugin and the examples
-   [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org) >= 2.0 with [Breathe](https://breathe.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), [Exhale](https://exhale.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), and [recommonmark](https://recommonmark.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) extensions for the documentation
-   [SYCL](https://www.khronos.org/sycl/) for the SYCL plugin

There are some additional dependencies that are automatically provided as part of
the build system.
These are usually not available through the system package manager and can be found in the ``thirdparty`` directory.

All external dependencies must be provided prior to building Acts. Compatible
versions of all dependencies are provided e.g. by the [LCG
releases](http://lcginfo.cern.ch/) starting from [LCG 97apython3](http://lcginfo.cern.ch/release/97apython3/).
Other options are also
available and are discussed in the [Building Acts](#building-acts) section.

## Building Acts

Acts uses [CMake](https://cmake.org) to configure, build, and install the
software. After checking out the repository code into a `<source>` directory,
CMake is called first to configure the build into a separate `<build>`
directory. A typical setup is to create a `<source>/build` directory within the
sources, but this is just a convention; not a requirement. The following command
runs the configuration and searches for the dependencies. The `<build>`
directory is automatically created.

```console
$ cmake -B <build> -S <source>
```

The build can be configured via various options that are listed in detail in the
[Build options](#build-options) section. Options are set on the command line.
The previous command could be e.g. modified to

```console
$ cmake -B <build> -S <source> -DACTS_BUILD_UNITTESTS=on -DACTS_BUILD_FATRAS=on
```

After the configuration succeeded, the software is build. This is also done with cmake via the following command

```console
$ cmake --build <build>
```

This automatically calls the configure build tool, e.g. Make or Ninja. To build only a specific target, the target names has to be separated from the CMake options by `--`, i.e.

```console
$ cmake --build <build> -- ActsFatras # to build the Fatras library
```

The build commands are the same regardless of where you are building the
software. Depending on your build environment, there are different ways how to
make the dependencies available.

### With a LCG release on CVMFS

If you have access to a machine running [CVMFS](https://cernvm.cern.ch/fs/),
e.g. CERNs lxplus login machines, the dependencies can be easily satisfied
via a LCG releases available through CVMFS. A setup script is provided to activate a compatible releases that can be used as follows:

```console
$ cd <source>
$ source CI/setup_cvmfs_lcg.sh
```

After sourcing the setup script, you can build Acts as described above. The
following commands will build Acts in the `<source>/build` directory with the
Fatras component.

```console
$ cd <source>
$ source CI/setup_cvmfs_lcg.sh
$ cmake -B build -S . -DACTS_BUILD_FATRAS=on
$ cmake --build build
```

### In a container

A set of container images is available through the [Acts container
registry][acts_containers]. The following containers are used as part of the
continous integration setup and come with all dependencies pre-installed.

-   `centos7-lcg97apython3-gcc9`: based on CentOS 7 with HEP-specific software from
    LCG 97apython3 using the GCC 9 compiler
-   `centos7-lcg98python3-gcc10`: based on CentOS 7 with HEP-specific software from LCG
    98python3 using the GCC 10 compiler
-   `ubuntu2004`: based on Ubuntu 20.04 with manual installation of HEP-specific
    software

To use these locally, you first need to pull the relevant images from the
registry. Stable versions are tagged as `vX` where `X` is the version number.
The latest, potentially unstable, version is tagged as `latest`. To list all
available tags, e.g. for the `ubuntu2004` image, you can use the following
command:

```console
$ docker search --list-tags ghcr.io/acts-project/ubuntu2004
```

The following command then downloads a stable tag of the `ubuntu2004` image:

```console
$ docker pull ghcr.io/acts-project/ubuntu2004:v9
```

This should print the image id as part of the output. You can also find out the
image id by running `docker images` to list all your locally available container
images.

Now, you need to start a shell within the container to run the build. Assuming
that `<source>` is the path to your source checkout on your host machine, the
following command will make the source directory available as `/acts` in the
container and start an interactive `bash` shell

```console
$ docker run --volume=<source>:/acts:ro --interactive --tty <image> /bin/bash
```

where `<image>` is the image id that was previously mentioned. If you are using the Ubuntu-based image you are already good to go. For the images based on LCG releases, you can now activate the LCG release in the container shell by sourcing a setup script:

```console
container $ source /opt/lcg_view/setup.sh
```

Building Acts follows the instructions above with `/acts` as the source directory, e.g.

```console
container $ cmake -B build -S /acts -DACTS_BUILD_FATRAS=on
container $ cmake --build build
```

[acts_containers]: https://github.com/orgs/acts-project/packages?ecosystem=container

### On your local machine

Building and running Acts on your local machine is not offically supported.
However, if you have the necessary prerequisites installed it is possible to use
it locally. Acts developers regularly use different Linux distributions
and macOS to build and develop Acts.

## Building the documentation

The documentation uses [Doxygen][doxygen] to extract the source code
documentation and [Sphinx][sphinx] with the [Breathe][breathe] and
[Exhale][exhale] extensions to generate the documentation website. To build the
documentation locally, you need to have [Doxygen][doxygen] installed from your
package manager. [Sphinx][sphinx] and its extensions can be installed using the
Python package manager via

```console
$ cd <path/to/repository>
# --user installs to a user-specific directory instead of the system
$ pip install --user -r docs/requirements.txt
```

To activate the documentation build targets, the `ACTS_BUILD_DOCS` option has to be set

```console
$ cmake -B <build-dir> -S <path/to/repository> -DACTS_BUILD_DOCS=on
```

Then the documentation can be build with either of the following two build
targets

```console
$ cmake --build <build-dir> docs # default fast option
# or
$ cmake --build <build-dir> docs-with-api # full documentation
```

The default option includes the Doxygen, Sphinx, and the Breathe extension, i.e.
the source code information can be used in the manually written documentation
but the full API documentation is not generated. The second target builds the
full documentation using Exhale to automatically generate the API documentation.
This is equivalent to the public [Read the Docs][rtd_acts] documentation, but
the build takes around ten minutes to finish.

[doxygen]: https://doxygen.nl/
[sphinx]: https://www.sphinx-doc.org
[breathe]: https://breathe.readthedocs.io
[exhale]: https://exhale.readthedocs.io
[rtd_acts]: https://acts.readthedocs.io

## Build options

CMake options can be set by adding `-D<OPTION>=<VALUE>` to the configuration
command. The following command would e.g. enable the unit tests

```console
$ cmake -B <build-dir> -S <source-dir> -DACTS_BUILD_UNITTESTS=ON
```

Multiple options can be given. `cmake` caches the options so that only changed
options must be specified in subsequent calls to configure the project. The
following options are available to configure the project and enable optional
components.

| Option                                | Description |
|---------------------------------------|-------------|
| ACTS_BUILD_EVERYTHING                 | Build with most options enabled (except HepMC3 and documentation) |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_CUDA                | Build CUDA plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_DD4HEP              | Build DD4hep geometry plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_DIGITIZATION        | Build Digitization plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_IDENTIFICATION      | Build Identification plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_JSON                | Build Json plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_LEGACY              | Build legacy plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_ONNX                | Build ONNX plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_SYCL                | Build SYCL plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_TGEO                | Build TGeo plugin |
| ACTS_BUILD_FATRAS                     | Build FAst TRAcking Simulation package |
| ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES                   | Build standalone examples |
| ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_DD4HEP            | Build DD4hep-based code in the examples |
| ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_GEANT4            | Build Geant4-based code in the examples |
| ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_HEPMC3            | Build HepMC3-based code in the examples |
| ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_PYTHIA8           | Build Pythia8-based code in the examples |
| ACTS_BUILD_BENCHMARKS                 | Build benchmarks |
| ACTS_BUILD_INTEGRATIONTESTS           | Build integration tests |
| ACTS_BUILD_UNITTESTS                  | Build unit tests |
| ACTS_BUILD_DOCS                       | Build documentation |
| ACTS_LOG_FAILURE_THRESHOLD            | Automatically fail when a log above the specified debug level is emitted (useful for automated tests) |
| ACTS_PARAMETER_DEFINITIONS_HEADER     | Use a different (track) parameter definitions header |
| ACTS_USE_SYSTEM_AUTODIFF              | Use autodiff provided by the system instead of the bundled version |
| ACTS_USE_SYSTEM_NLOHMANN_JSON         | Use nlohmann::json provided by the system instead of the bundled version |

All Acts-specific options are disabled or empty by default and must be
specifically requested. Some of the options have interdependencies that are
automatically handled, e.g. enabling any of the specific
`ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES_...` options will also enable the overall
`ACTS_BUILD_EXAMPLES` option. You only need to tell the build system what you
want and it will figure out the rest.

In addition to the Acts-specific options, many generic options are available
that modify various aspects of the build. The following options are some of the
most common ones. For more details, have a look at the annotated list of [useful
CMake variables](https://cmake.org/Wiki/CMake_Useful_Variables) or at the [CMake
documentation](https://cmake.org/documentation/).

| Option               | Description |
|----------------------|-------------|
| CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE     | Build type, e.g. Debug or Release; affects compiler flags <br/> (if not specified **`RelWithDebInfo`** will be used as a default) |
| CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER   | Which C++ compiler to use, e.g. g++ or clang++ |
| CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX | Where to install Acts to |
| CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH    | Search path for external packages |

The build is also affected by some environment variables. They can be set by prepending them to the configuration call:

```console
$ DD4hep_DIR=<path/to/dd4hep> cmake -B <build-dir> -S <source-dir>
```

The following environment variables might be useful.

| Environment variable | Description |
|----------------------|-------------|
| DD4hep_DIR           | Search path for the DD4hep installation |
| HepMC3_DIR           | Search path for the HepMC3 installation |
| Pythia8_DIR          | Search path for the Pythia8 installation |

## Using Acts

When using Acts in your own CMake-based project, you need to include the
following lines in your `CMakeLists.txt` file:

```cmake
find_package (Acts COMPONENTS comp1 comp2 ...)
```

where `compX` are the required components from the Acts project. See the
`cmake` output for more information about which components are available.
